(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) The wind of the changing
seasons blows In the shining, best sunny day
Lightly passing through the rough times A
finger pointing to the future alone I wanna
dive into paradise I'm gonna take all
the popular things And make them mine Ready,
set, go!
Everybody can do!
Start running!
Dreams never stop I won't regret tomorrow
Ready, set, go!
Everybody can do!
Even if it's just a little bit
I don't want to see it Em
brace the excitement And jump high So
ba Shop Reconstruction Project It
's so cold.
How about some hot soba?
Sounds good.
It's so good.
It wasn't a popular place before.
Looks like we can get in soon.
Hey, watch out!
You bastard!
Senpai!
Huh?
This guy...
He's been appearing on TV and magazines
a lot lately.
He's a gourmet critic.
It's you, Chogoro.
This taste...
It's not ordinary.
Hmm...
There's always a shop that's not
ordinary.
Where's the owner?
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Oh, this is...
Sensei, please come in.
Hey, you idiot!
You're breaking in!
You bastard!
Well, well, senpai.
Here you go.
Hmm...
It's not ordinary.
It looks like it's on the edge.
How arrogant.
We've been waiting under the cold sky
for three hours.
Hmm...
Shujin, this soba is not ordinary.
Oh, thank you very much.
Ohmaida-sensei
's not-ordinary-soba
is here.
I knew it.
This soba is top-notch.
It doesn't matter if it's not
ordinary or not.
After you finish eating, hurry up and sit
down.
Shujin, I'd like my acquaintance
to try this not-ordinary-
soba.
I'd like about 200 servings.
200 servings would cost more than 100,
000 yen.
Shujin, I'm Ohmaeda Ch
ougorou, the best gourmet critic
in Japan.
Of course, I don't need your treat.
Please enjoy your meal.
Keep up the good work.
Thank you very much.
Oh, it's finally gone.
Now, it's our turn.
What?
Hey, old man!
What do you mean by closed shop?
We wanted to eat hot soba, so
we've been waiting under this cold sky
for three hours.
Ohmaida-sensei took
all the soba.
What?
No way.
I'm the one who wants to lose.
I shouldn't have been put on this
magazine.
Damn it!
I see.
Because it was introduced in this magazine, the
number of customers suddenly increased.
So that's why.
He's eating soba to repay the
kindness.
He's a crazy guy.
Damn it!
I don't care if it's a
little bad.
Is there no place to eat hot so
ba?
Senpai, how about this soba shop?
What?
I'm sorry.
It's like there's no sign of
a customer.
There's no sign of a customer.
It's dangerous here.
Get out.
Why?
Don't you know?
It's not normal that it's not
so popular.
If you eat a lot, you'll get
a bad soba that you'll never
eat again.
Are you a customer?
That's what I meant.
Thank you.
What's wrong?
Actually, you're the fifth customer.
The fifth customer today?
I guess so.
It's not like that.
No, it's the fifth customer since I
started the shop.
What?
Wait a minute.
When did you start the shop?
Three years ago.
Three years ago?
I'll make it right away.
What would you like?
Actually, my stomach suddenly got weird.
Senpai, I feel sorry for you.
Let's eat.
Let's eat soba here.
If you eat soba here and your
stomach really gets weird, what are you going
to do?
If anything happens, I'll do something about
it with the medical team of the Nak
agawa Foundation.
Let's be the fifth customer.
Please.
All right, all right.
I'll be the fifth victim.
Thank you for waiting.
It looks like a bad soba.
That's right.
I'll eat it quickly and go back
to the exit.
Don't look at me.
I'm sorry.
You're worried about the customer's reaction,
aren't you?
Yes.
I'll let you know how I feel
after I finish eating.
So while I'm eating, go over there.
Yes.
It's a soba with no weird
ness.
It's not that bad that I can
't eat it.
This...
This is...
What's the matter, Nakagawa?
Boss, I have something to ask you.
Yes, what is it?
Could it be that this soba uses
the soba powder made on the Yam
ada Farm?
Yes, that's right.
What is the Yamada Farm?
You should know.
It is the farm of the master of
making soba powder, Mr. Yamada D
engoro.
The soba powder made here is said
to be the best in Japan, but it
is difficult to get it.
Even in the cooking department of
the Nakagawa Group, it is used
only in a very small part of the
shops.
I've known Mr. Yamada for a
long time, so he makes it cheap at
home.
I knew it.
And the soy sauce used in the soup
stock.
Isn't this made of sugar cane?
Yes.
Sugar cane, which has been made by hand
since the Tenpo era.
The traditional taste of Kishu, which
is said to be the birthplace of
soy sauce.
The soy sauce made here is called the
soy sauce in the soy sauce.
No, it's not just soy sauce.
Katsuobushi and kelp.
It is definitely a first-class product
to make this rich soup stock.
The leeks are also well packed and
use glossy things.
And the seven-spice pepper.
The seven flavors bring out an exquisite
harmony.
It also works well for the body.
I'm sure you're using a very
well-chosen material.
Hey, hey.
How can you use such a great material
to make such ordinary soba?
It's normal.
Senpai, look at your bowl.
Huh?
When did you...
That's what a really delicious thing is.
It goes into your body naturally.
Oh, dad.
I'd like another drink.
Yes.
Well, it's pretty good when you taste
it carefully.
Right?
It's got this much flavor.
Promote it more.
I'm not good at flashy things.
That's weird, though.
With this much flavor, the customers are likely
to come with a mouthful.
But there's a deep reason why customers
don't come.
A deep reason?
Three years ago, I can't forget.
One day, when it was snowing lightly,
this shop opened.
I was nervous and waiting for the first
customer to come.
Then...
I'm sorry.
What?
It was you?
Was it you, Sensei?
Did you come all the way to eat?
No, I came to use the bathroom.
So, this was a soba shop.
I didn't notice it because it was
so plain.
It's just right.
Let's have lunch here.
Yes, I'll make it right away.
Anyway, it was my first customer, so I
put a lot of effort into making it.
Here you go.
H-How
was it?
It was just plain.
It's delicious.
It's a special taste.
Is that so?
Um...
It'll be 700 yen, but...
Master, you don't know who I am,
do you?
I'm the gourmet critic, Choug
oro Omaeda.
Yes.
So, one bowl of kakesoba will
be 700 yen.
I'm the gourmet critic, Choug
oro Omaeda.
So, one bowl of kakesoba will
be 700 yen.
I'm the gourmet critic, Choug
oro Omaeda.
So, 700 yen...
I said I'm the gourmet critic,
Chougoro Omaeda.
It's 700 yen.
Unfortunately, I don't have any cash with
me.
Can you give me a break with this?
It's pure gold, so it should be
worth 20,000 to 30,000 yen.
Thank you.
Master, what is the name of this restaurant?
It's Tanaka Soba.
Tanaka Soba.
I'll remember that.
In the end, the mannenshit
su was a fake.
That's a big story.
I was surprised a week later.
He was mocking our restaurant.
It's not for humans to eat.
Even if the world forgives it, I
won't forgive it.
Minus seven points.
That's terrible.
Don't display things like this.
But our restaurant is being introduced.
It's only a negative image.
Even so, it's a terrible article.
It's all about criticism.
I couldn't eat it for free.
I can't believe it.
It's strange that a person who doesn
't know the taste of food is a
food critic.
I'll show you what happens if you
make me angry.
Do you agree, Master?
Yes.
If I can...
Leave it to me.
I have a good idea.
I'll make you pay.
In order to make you pay, you need
to make a sacrifice.
We need a plan.
Are you ready?
Y-Yes.
Then let's start the plan to make
Omaeda Chogorou say,
Gyafun!
W-What are you doing?
We can't let an ordinary store like
this be the subject of an old-
fashioned critique.
We need a plan and a plan B!
I see.
You're trying to make it look like
you've been enduring the wind and snow
for years.
That's right.
Gyafun!
We can't let an ordinary store like
this be the subject of an old-
fashioned critique.
Gyafun!
My store...
Senpai, is there anything I can do
to help?
Yes, anything is fine.
Bring me something that will give the store
a sense of tradition and traditionality.
Understood!
Here it is!
Next up...
Ryo!
You're just in time.
I believe you made a bowl at the
school's school festival.
Yes, but it's covered in dust
and it's cracked.
That's even more convenient.
Bring that over.
Borrow some for your friend.
Got it, Ryo!
Senpai!
You're up!
I borrowed this from a museum all over
the world.
It's a collection of stories about the
history of mankind.
Very well.
Um...
I don't think it's right to
have something like this It's fine.
It's better to have something like this.
That's right.
Let's call this the anniversary of Cle
opatra's return.
This is crazy!
It's a mess!
I guess this is fine.
Let's break a pillar.
Please don't!
If you cut this, the building itself will
break!
That's true.
Ryo!
I'm back!
Good, good.
You did well.
Now the store is okay.
All that's left is...
No, no way!
Please don't!
Please don't do that!
It's not right to take such a
place!
Please don't do that!
Don't say that!
That bicycle...
You're slacking off again, aren't
you, Kankichi?
Hey!
Mr. Nakagawa!
It's over.
Come on.
But...
Why are you embarrassed?
You're slacking off again, aren't
you?
I'm going to tell Chief Ohara.
Hey!
Pervert.
I...
I see.
Are you that happy?
I'm lamenting the misfortune of
my god.
Now the stage is ready.
Nakagawa.
Arrange the cherry blossoms.
Yes.
All that's left is to drive the
prey in.
Is there really a good soba restaurant
Yes.
According to the information from the
viewers, you can line up 2kg of
food every day.
Isn't that it?
That's amazing.
Is this the line that goes all the
way to the soba restaurant?
Today, I'd like to interview the best
gourmet critic in Japan, Mr. Ohma
eda Chogorou, about this ph
antom soba restaurant.
I'm Ohmaeda Chogor
ou.
Who are you guys?
We heard that Mr. Ohmaeda is
going to interview this restaurant.
Would you like to join us?
Yes.
Don't get in the way.
Sir, what is your first impression of this
restaurant?
Hey, do you know?
This restaurant has been in business for 20
years.
Yes.
There's also a rumor that it's
designated as a national cultural property.
A national cultural property?
This restaurant must have been run by the
manager.
When the Meiji Earthqu
ake struck, there was a fierce battle between
the Ishin Army and the Bak
ufu Army in front of this restaurant.
There's no doubt about it.
Even though it's a wound from a
senior?
It's surprisingly easy to be fooled.
This mirror has been placed here
for no reason.
It's a piece that makes you feel
the history of Yu-G
i-Oh!
This restaurant isn't ordinary.
It's not ordinary!
I'm so excited!
Excuse me.
You idiot!
Get out of here!
In our restaurant, we only use chili peppers
once.
You used it twice!
Tell the manager to get out of here!
What are you doing?
Hurry up!
Are you really going to leave like this?
Of course!
Get ready!
Because of the article he wrote, only five
people came in three years.
Only five customers came.
Remember that!
Go!
I'm sorry, manager.
Manager.
If you don't keep the restaurant's
reputation, you're not a customer!
Don't come back!
Wow!
It's a shop dedicated to craftsmen.
What do you think, Mr. Omaeda?
With his current condition, he must have kicked
out people from the British royal family.
Yes.
But now he's back, and now he
's selling it to Buckingham Palace
every week.
The British royal family?
He's trying to protect the taste of
soba noodles.
And look at this owner!
He's wearing a traditional geta, but
he's still sticking to the trad
ition.
He's actively adopting a Western style.
It's like a combination of the East
and the West.
The owner of the restaurant is not an
ordinary person!
He's not an ordinary person again!
Why?
Why are you guys here?
Don't you know me?
I'm Mr. Omaeda, a gour
met critic.
I'm here for a TV interview.
What?
A TV interview?
Idiot!
Don't do an interview!
If you broadcast on TV, people who don
't know the taste of soba noodles
will come to you.
If we get more customers, we'll be
busy!
Hey!
Don't shoot me!
Customers are customers!
We just serve soba noodles as usual!
Yes, sir.
Wonderful!
I've eaten all kinds of food from
all over the world, but this is the
first time I've eaten so delicious so
ba noodles!
I'll leave my feelings here!
As expected, the head of the United Nations
office is just a regular customer.
If you call this bad, you're not
human.
The head of the United Nations office!
Hey, Mr. Omaeda.
Well, how about the taste of the essential
soba?
I'm hungry.
The texture of the soba, the way
to make the broth, the way to cut
the green onions, and even this artistic bowl!
I made it.
Which one do you want?
Nine items!
It's not just anything.
I, Mr. Omaeda Chogoro,
will give you the seven stars as proof
that it's not just anything!
You're happy, too, aren't you?
Hey, you!
What's going on?
What are you doing?
You're so rude!
Shut up!
Look at this!
Tanaka Soba?
Don't you remember even when you look
at this?
What's this place?
You finally remember.
That's right.
You're the Tanaka Soba who
gave you the minus seven stars three years
ago!
What's going on?
Nothing has changed here since three years ago.
We've been using the best ingredients to
make the best soba ever!
Is that so?
You're the one who confessed.
You really don't know the taste of
soba!
Oh, no!
You don't deserve to be called a
gourmet critic!
You're just a bad taster!
Mr. Tanaka!
Is what you just said true?
Please explain, Mr. Tanaka!
N-No comment!
Mr. Tanaka!
The operation was a huge success!
The phantom soba restaurant was a
success, but Ohmaeda was a failure!
Mr. Tanaka's soba restaurant seems
to be doing well.
Yeah.
But Mr. Ohmaeda hasn't come
back since then.
Huh?
What's the matter?
A mysterious gourmet critic has appeared.
Recently, people who claim to be gourmet
critics have appeared in the city.
They come to each house and eat together.
That's Mr. Ohmaeda, isn't
it?
That's him!
He's not an ordinary person!
Real study is not just about remembering
things.
It's about being useful in life.
I'll teach you how to enjoy studying
by using your body.
Next on Gyoza Style.
The Must-Win Test!
Please watch it!
雨降りでも 明日は晴
れに咲く Ame furi
demo ashita wa hare ni sak
u Even if it rains, tomorrow will be
a sunny day バイバイ 手を
振ろう 嫌なこと さよなら
さ Bye bye, te wo furou i
ya na koto sayonara sa
Bye bye, let's wave goodbye to all
the bad things Oh yeah 好きな
ように 生きてみよう いいこと
あるさ Oh yeah suki na you
ni ikite miyou ii k
oto aru sa Oh yeah, let's
try to live the way we want to
外で落ちた馬が 呼
んでるよ Soto de ochita
ma ga yonderu yo Outside, the
fallen horse is calling